For you.
Don't do this again
If you don't call me brother
Haha, I lied to you.
I came to thank you
The one who saved me last time, I'm afraid Mingxuan will mind more
Can you not mention him?
Do you remember 22 years ago?
The night you came to my house
Why did my mother suddenly come back?
Why did he die suddenly?
If you want to know
Come back with me to find the answer
I remember you seem to be allergic to pollen now
Ah, I might have grown up
I have something else to do
I'll go first
Ah brother
Dongfang Run's kid
Do you want to use Mrs. Sister-in-law to your detriment?
You go out first
Let me kiss
Brother is not good
Oriental boy
He actually shamelessly confessed to his wife and left